Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#125)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Thank you for your interest in contributing to Ariadne Code Generator!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contributing to Ariadne Codegen!
```
